----------------------- REVIEW 1 ---------------------
PAPER: 27
TITLE: Solving Constrained Horn Clauses Using Dependence-Disjoint Expansions
AUTHORS: Qi Zhou and William Harris

Overall evaluation: 1 (weak accept)

----------- Overall evaluation -----------
The paper introduces a subclass of recursion-free horn clauses called
clause-dependence-disjoint (CDD). The second part of the paper shows how to
solve general recursion-free horn by expanding them into CDD.

The results seem to be competitive and the ideas sufficiently novel so I think
this is a valuable contribution. However, the presentation could be improved.
The paper is quite notation-heavy and the English is somewhat contrived in places;
please ask for help if English is not your first language.
The expansion procedure is in the appendix, which I'm not sure is acceptable
because the paper would be published without it.

DETAILED COMMENTS

I'm not sure if all the square brackets are really necessary.
For instance, my impression is that it would be fine to say A instead of Rel[A].

pg. 8 "Query_S that is the dependency of no relation predicate" ... I'm having trouble parsing this

Definition 6: Does it mean that the dependency graph of a body forms a forest?

Beginning of Section 4.2, the pseudocode of the algorithm is fairly simple but
its description is extremely hard to read.

Page 10, Constructing counterexample:
 It is not explained what Use[R] is. Like so it's hard to  understand what's going on.
 Why use T, why not S like everywhere else?

Constructing the pre-constraint and post-constraint. The definition talks about
things that are true in each solution of S. I'm not sure if this is technically
correct. It's probably true that these things are true in all solutions of S
but some other things might be also. I have the impression that the informal description could be written more clearly and more precisely.

If Expand is not in the main paper, it's something that is done in some other work that you could cite?

You probably should comment on why your tool does not parse benchmarks from SeaHorn.
Is it because it's buggy for instance?

Figures 3 and 4 could use labels on the axes.

A table summarizing all the results would be useful.

----------------------- REVIEW 2 ---------------------
PAPER: 27
TITLE: Solving Constrained Horn Clauses Using Dependence-Disjoint Expansions
AUTHORS: Qi Zhou and William Harris

Overall evaluation: 1 (weak accept)

----------- Overall evaluation -----------
The paper contribution can be divided in two parts. In the first part, a new class of directly solvable
systems, called Clause-Dependent Disjoint (CDD), is presented as a subclass of recursion-free CHC
(Constrained Horn Clauses) systems. In the second part, the authors introduce an algorithm for solving
CDD systems. Given a recursion-free system, the algorithm first transform it into an equivalent CDD
system and then call a specific procedure for solving it. The size of the transformed system could be
exponential with respect to the size of the original CHC system. However, a procedure for computing a
minimal expansion of a CHC system seems to provide a way to mitigate the possible negative effects on
performance.

Coming from a different background, I found it difficult to read the paper. A background of the basic
terminology is just provided in Section 3 (page 6), when many terms have been already extensively
used. Some terms like "control location" (Section 2) are not defined and this makes comprehension hard
for somebody not familiar with their meaning.

The algorithm in Section 4 is clearly defined and to the best of my knowledge is sound.

The results presented in section 5 are satisfactory and solid. The algorithms SHARA and DUALITY
look complementary to each other and this suggests the possibility to use a portfolio approach.
However, it's not clear if DUALITY represents the current state-of-the-art solver or if there are other
tools to compare with that have not been considered. In the second case an explanation should be
provided in order to justify the choice.

The paper is also missing a conclusion section and a discussion about possible future works, including
optimization techniques.

Overall, apart from my concern about the way the paper has been structured, I think that the ideas
presented are interesting and I find the experimental section satisfactory.

----------------------- REVIEW 3 ---------------------
PAPER: 27
TITLE: Solving Constrained Horn Clauses Using Dependence-Disjoint Expansions
AUTHORS: Qi Zhou and William Harris

Overall evaluation: -1 (weak reject)

----------- Overall evaluation -----------
This paper is in a specialized area of program verification that is unlikely
to be interesting or understandable to most of the SAT audience.

------------------------------------------------------